Update `README` (#63)
get-convex/convex-evals: README.md

# Convex Coding Evals

> Convex is the open-source, reactive database for app developers and we believe it is the best platform for AI coding. To validate this claim, we have created a suite of evals that evaluate how well LLMs can write Convex code. Each eval has a set prompts for coding a Convex backend, a set of human-curated solutions, and a script for evaluating the LLM's output. These evals are split up into seven different categories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Convex is an open-source, reactive database that's the best platform for full-stack AI coding.

We ensure that Convex performs well with a large set of models by continuously running evals. Each 
eval has a set prompts for coding a Convex backend, a set of human-curated solutions, and a script 
for evaluating the LLM's output. These evals are split up into seven different categories: 
```

- Fundamentals
- Data Modeling
- Queries
- Mutations
- Actions
- Idioms
- Clients

The most up to date eval runs can be found on our [website](https://convex.dev/llm-leaderboard).

> From the results of these evals, we discovered that LLMs have gaps in their knowledge of Convex. To mitigate these gaps in knowledge, we have curated a set of prompts to include missing information. We call these _Convex Guidelines_ and they increase model performance by ~20%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use these evals to tune our [Convex Guidelines](https://docs.convex.dev/ai/), which greatly improve
model performance writing Convex code and decrease hallucinations.
```
